Problem Statement: Implement Bully and Ring algorithm for leader election.
Tools / Environment:
Java Programming Environment, JDK 1.8, Any IDE
Related Theory:
Many distributed algorithms require one process to act as coordinator, initiator, or otherwise perform some special role. In general, it does not matter which process takes on this special responsibility, but one of them has to do it. If all processes are exactly the same, with no distinguishing characteristics, there is no way to select one of them to be special. Consequently, we will assume that each process P has a unique identifier id(P). In general, election algorithms attempt to locate the process with the highest identifier and designate it as coordinator.
We also assume that every process knows the identifier of every other process. In other words, each 
process has complete knowledge of the process group in which a coordinator must be elected. What 
the processes do not know is which ones are currently up and which ones are currently down. The goal of an election algorithm is to ensure that when an election starts, it concludes with all processes 
agreeing on who the new coordinator is to be.
There are two types of Distributed Algorithms:
1. Bully Algorithm
2. Ring Algorithm

Bully Algorithm:
A. When a process, P, notices that the coordinator is no longer responding to requests, it 
initiates an election.
1. P sends an ELECTION message to all processes with higher numbers.
2. If no one responds, P wins the election and becomes a coordinator.
3. If one of the higher-ups answers, it takes over. P’s job is done.

B. When a process gets an ELECTION message from one of its lower-numbered colleagues:
1. Receiver sends an OK message back to the sender to indicate that he is alive and will take over.
2. Eventually, all processes give up a part of one, and that one is the new coordinator.
3. The new coordinator announces its victory by sending all processes a CO-ORDINATOR
Message telling them that it is the new coordinator.

C. If a process that was previously down comes back:
1. It holds an election.
2. If it happens to be the highest process currently running, it will win the election and take over the 
coordinators job.